docs: update named localnet documents on config file locations (#444)
algorandfoundation/algokit-cli: docs/features/localnet.md

Once you have a named LocalNet running, the AlgoKit LocalNet commands will target this instance.
If at any point you'd like to switch back to the default LocalNet, simply run `algokit localnet start`.

### Named LocalNet Configuration Directory

> With running `algokit localnet start --name {name}`, AlgoKit stores configuration files in a specific folder on your system. The location of this folder depends on your operating system:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When running `algokit localnet start --name {name}`, AlgoKit stores configuration files in a specific folder on your system. The location of this folder depends on your operating system:
```

> When running `algokit localnet start --name {name}`, AlgoKit stores configuration files in a specific folder on your system. The location of this folder depends on your operating system:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When running `algokit localnet start --name {name}`, AlgoKit stores configuration files in a specific directory on your system. The location of this directory depends on your operating system:
```

> - **Windows**: The configuration files are stored in the `APPDATA` folder. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Windows**: We use the value of the `APPDATA` environment variable to determine the directory to store the configuration files. This is usually `C:\Users\USERNAME\AppData\Roaming`.
```

> - **Linux or Mac**: The configuration files are stored in the `XDG_CONFIG_HOME` directory if it is set. If `XDG_CONFIG_HOME` is not set, the default location is `~/.config`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Linux or Mac**: We use the value of the `XDG_CONFIG_HOME` environment variable to determine the directory to store the configuration files. If `XDG_CONFIG_HOME` is not set, the default location is `~/.config`.
```

> Inside the designated configuration folder, you will find a folder named `algokit`. Within the `algokit` folder, there is a `sandbox` directory that contains the default configuration settings. Additionally, for each named LocalNet instance you have created, there will be a folder named `sandbox_{name}` within the `algokit` directory. These folders contain the specific configuration settings for the respective named LocalNet instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assuming you have previously used a default LocalNet, the path `./algokit/sandbox/` will exist inside the configuration directory, containing the configuration settings for the default LocalNet instance. Additionally, for each named LocalNet instance you have created, the path `./algokit/sandbox_{name}/` will exist, containing the configuration settings for the respective named LocalNet instances.
```

> It is important to note that the configuration files are stored in a way that ensures separation between the default LocalNet environment and any named LocalNet environments you may create. This allows for more control and customization of your development environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is important to note that only the configuration files for a named LocalNet instance should be changed. Any changes made to the default LocalNet instance will be reverted by AlgoKit.
```
